Replace generic App Install instructions with /reuse/app-install (#3318)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/containers-orchestration/rabbitmq.md

## Installing the RabbitMQ App

This section demonstrates how to install the RabbitMQ App.

1. From the **App Catalog**, search for and select the RabbitMQ app.

> 2. Select the version of the service you're using and click **Add to Library**. Version selection is applicable only to a few apps currently. For more information, see [Install the Apps from the Library](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations#install-apps-from-the-library).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the version of the service you're using and click **Add to Library**. Version selection is applicable only to a few apps currently. For more information, see [Installing Apps to Your Library](/docs/get-started/apps-integrations/#installing-apps-to-your-library).
```
